[ZT] Tunnel hostname routes (#22587)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/load-balancing/private-network/tunnels-setup.mdx

1. Go to **Networks** > **Tunnels**.
2. Select the tunnel you created in the previous steps and select **Configure**.

> 3. Under **Private Networks**, select **Add a private network**.

Author: ```suggestion
3. Go to the **CIDR** tab and select **Add a CIDR route**.
```
